HTML5_Logo_128.png
W3C HTML5 Logo https://www.w3.org/html/logo/
Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons
Attribution 3.0 License

Attribution 3.0 License
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
You are free to:
Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format for any purpose, even commercially.
Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.
The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.
Under the following terms:
Attribution — You must give appropriate credit , provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made . You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.
Notices:
You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation .

No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.

Creative Commons is the nonprofit behind the open licenses and other legal tools that allow creators to share their work. Our legal tools are free to use.

Footnotes
 return to reference appropriate credit — If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.

 return to reference indicate if changes were made — In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.

 return to reference technological measures — The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.

 return to reference exception or limitation — The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.

 return to reference publicity, privacy, or moral rights — You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.